# Changelog

# v1.3.0

This release adds support for .NET 5's `MemberNotNullAttribute` and `MemberNotNullWhenAttribute`.


# v1.2.1

This release fixes the XML documentation from the nullable attributes leaking into the automatically
generated XML documentation file of consumers of the package (see [issue #8](https://github.com/manuelroemer/Nullable/issues/8)).

**Details:**

For now, the attribute's XML documentation is wrapped in `#if DEBUG` conditionals. This ensures that
the attribute's XML documentation doesn't appear in the documentation file of a release build while
still being available during development (e.g. for IntelliSense in Visual Studio).


# v1.2.0

This release provides solutions for [issue #1](https://github.com/manuelroemer/Nullable/issues/1) and
[issue #6](https://github.com/manuelroemer/Nullable/issues/6). In addition, potential compiler
warnings in the `NullableAttributes.cs` file are now hidden.

**Upgrading:**

Remove any previously defined `NULLABLE_ATTRIBUTES_EXCLUDE_FROM_CODE_COVERAGE` compiler constant,
as it does not have any effect anymore.

> :information_source: **Note:** <br/>
> Builds will NOT break if the constant is still defined. It is simply ignored now.

**Details:**

* The package now supports `packages.config` via a `content/` folder in the NuGet package.
* The attributes are now excluded from code coverage by default.
  When referenced from projects targeting .NET Standard >= 2.0 or .NET Framework >= 4.0, the
  `ExcludeFromCodeCoverageAttribute` is used. For other project types, the `DebuggerNonUserCodeAttribute`
  is used.
* Added support for the `NULLABLE_ATTRIBUTES_INCLUDE_IN_CODE_COVERAGE` compiler constant which
  removes the code coverage attributes.
* The `NULLABLE_ATTRIBUTES_EXCLUDE_FROM_CODE_COVERAGE` compiler constant no longer has
  any effects. Code coverage is now disabled by default.
* The `NullableAttributes.cs` file now wraps the attributes with a `#pragma warning disable` and
  `#pragma warning restore` block to disable both compiler- and code-analysis warnings.


# v1.1.1

This release adds the `// <auto-generated>` header to the `NullableAttributes.cs` file so that
code analyzers like StyleCop ignore the file during the static code analysis.
Thanks to [@skarllot](https://github.com/skarllot) for suggesting and making this change!


# v1.1.0

This release updates the package, so that the attributes file is no longer included in projects
targeting a framework >= .NET Standard 2.1.
For any target version below, the file is still automatically included.
This ensures that the package can easily be installed in libraries which are multi-targeting
different frameworks, without them having to define conditional compilation constants.

In addition, a small typo in the XML documentation was fixed.


# v1.0.0

The initial release.

This release covers the following attributes:

* `AllowNullAttribute`
* `DisallowNullAttribute`
* `DoesNotReturnAttribute`
* `DoesNotReturnIfAttribute`
* `MaybeNullAttribute`
* `MaybeNullWhenAttribute`
* `NotNullAttribute`
* `NotNullIfNotNullAttribute`
* `NotNullWhenAttribute`

Furthermore, the following compiler directives are supported in the source file:

* `NULLABLE_ATTRIBUTES_DISABLE`
* `NULLABLE_ATTRIBUTES_EXCLUDE_FROM_CODE_COVERAGE`
